-----------------INSTRUCTION-----------------

You are a Dreamwalker, lost in a mysterious Labyrinth.
Your goal is to find all the twelve Oneiric doors to escape!
There are 3 ways you can follow to discover a door, which will be mentioned in section 4, 6 and 8.

1. COMPONENTS:

    - Location cards (66 cards):
    These are the cards you will have in your hand. Play and discard them skillfully in order to obtain the Door cards.

    - Door cards (12 cards):
    The 12 oneiric Doors are the object of your quest: opening all 12 Doors is the victory condition of the game.

    - Dream cards (10 cards):
    Nightmare cards are the only type of Dream card in this expansion. 
    They are also shuffled within the deck of cards, and will force you to choose one penalty once you draw such a card.

2. DECK CONTENT:

    Red location:   9 Sun, 4 Moon, 2 Glyph, 3 Key
    Blue location:  8 Sun, 4 Moon, 2 Glyph, 3 Key
    Green location: 7 Sun, 4 Moon, 2 Glyph, 3 Key
    Brown location: 6 Sun, 4 Moon, 2 Glyph, 3 Key
    Door:           2 Red, 2 Blue, 2 Green, 2 Brown
    Dream:          10 Nightmare

3. THE LABYRINTH:

    The labyrith is yours to build. Everytime you play a card, this card is placed at the end of the Labyrinth.
    There is one golden rule: the card played may not have any symbol (Sun, Moon, Glyph and Key) in common with the last card played.
    In this version, the Labyrinth area is located on the leftmost side of the window screen.

4. DISCOVERING DOORS:

    If the card just played is the third in a row of the same color, you obtain a Door card of that color.
    This Door card is taken from the deck and the deck will be reshuffled right after.
    If a card is the fourth in a row of the same color, it counts as the first card of a new series of the same color.

5. GAME TURN:

    Once you have five cards in hand, you got two options: Either you play a card on the Labyrinth or you discard a card.
    If you discard a Glyph or a Key card, you will trigger a special event, which will be mentioned in section 7 and 8.

6. CARD DRAWING:

    After you made an action, a card will automatically be drawn from the deck to your hand. There are 3 possible cases:
        - Location cards will be placed in your hand.
        - Dream cards will trigger a bad event that you will need to resolve immediately (section 9).
        - Door cards will be sent to the Limbo right away unless you have a key of the same color in your hand.
    If you are in third case, you have choice to discover the Door immediately by discarding that key.

7. PROPHECY:

    If you discard a location card with Key symbol on it, you trigger a Prophecy.
    During a prophecy, you will:
        - Look at the top five cards of the deck,
        - Discard one of them,
        - And place the 4 remaining cards back on top of the deck in which order you choose.
    If there are less than 5 cards remaining in the deck, all those cards will be revealed and you still need to do the same thing as above.
    BE CAREFUL: If all drawn cards are Doors, since it is mandatory that you discard a card, you will automatically lose the game.

8. INCANTATION:

    If you discard a location card with Glyph symbol on it, you trigger an Incantation.
    During an incantation, you will:
        - Look at the top five cards of the deck,
        - Discover one of the doors among them (if any),
        - And place the 4 or 5 remaining cards back on bottom of the deck in which order you choose.
    If there are less than 5 cards remaining in the deck, all those cards will be revealed and you still need to do the same thing as above.
    The color of the Door card and the color of the discarded Glyph card do not need to be the same.

9. NIGHTMARES:

    When you draw a nightmare card, you have to choose one of the following four options:
        - Discard a Key card from you hand.
        - Discard your whole hand and draw five new Location cards from the deck. Door and Dream cards are placed into the Limbo.
        - Reveal the top five cards from the deck and discard all of them, except Door and Dream cards, which are placed into the Limbo.
        - Send one of your discovered Door cards to the Limbo.

10. THE LIMBO:

    The Limbo is a temporary space for cards that are going to be reshuffled in the deck at the end of the turn.
    In this version, the Limbo area is located on the bottom right corner of the window screen.

11. DECK RESHUFFLING:

    The deck is reshuffled when you discover a Door by placing three cards of the same color in a row on the Labyrinth
    OR when your hand is full of Location cards while there are cards in the Limbo.

12. END GAME:

    - Victory: You win if, at any point, all 12 Door cards have been discovered.
    - Defeat: You lose if you must draw a card to fill your hand and there is no card left in the deck.
